[Dio] North latitude,
28 degrees, 24 minutes,
west longitude,
80 degrees, 36 minutes.
Go there! And wait patiently
for the next new moon.
That, my friend,
is when heaven will come.
[Father Pucchi] I have
no further use for this prison.
The child that was born
is already in my possession.
Here's the story
of Jailhouse Lock.
Try as you might,
you can only remember
three things at a time.
[Jolyne] I know
I need something, but what?
What's important? What's
something I cannot forget?
I have something important
to tell Jolyne.
I got to go.
She needs me!
[man] Wait a minute!
What the hell was I doing?
Something isn't right.
[clicking]
[Jolyne] Wait! What?
That doesn't make any sense.
Why would he go
into that building?
I don't understand this show.
-Just let it play!
-[indistinct complaining]
Why do you always have to keep
on doing what you're doing?
Take the remote from her!
I don't know what the fuck
is happening anymore.
And drag her dumb ass
out of here!
[Jolyne] Huh?
Fine! I won't watch it, then.
You happy now?
[sighs]
[Jolyne]
All right, newbie,
that there spider's
the boss of this cell.
Huh, hey! G-Good to meet you,
man. Hope we can get along!
They call me Ron the Viper.
Oh, uh... yeah, of course!
Appreciate it!
And that spider over there is
on the brink of death.
Yeah, what's up, bro?
-[chuckles]
-Ugh, what is this?
How the hell is any of this
supposed to be funny?
Man, this comic book is a mess.
I don't get it at all.
Uh, where am I?
The rec room?
I must have had a good reason
to come in here.
[sighs]
[Jolyne] Oh, yeah.
I have to go see Emporio.
I'm here to find another way
to break out of this place,
somehow.
-[grunts]
-[trilling]
There's the medical wing.
Emporio's room
is off that staircase.
It's usually
a walk in the park,
but they've beefed up
security today.
So how do I get to Emporio
in one piece?
[gasps softly]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Ora!
[gasps]
Shit! It's a Stand.
[Jolyne] And I know
I've seen it before.
The enemy!
I've got to go after it.
And that woman is the User.
[action music playing]
[honking]
[music continues]
[pants]
[music stops]
[grunts]
[Jolyne] Wait a second!
Where am I?
And who was I
chasing after just now?
-What is happening?
-[guard 1] I got her!
We're at the corner of
hallway D12!
-[guard 2] You! Hands up!
-[gasps]
[Jolyne] Oh, no! The one
being chased right now is me!
[guard 3] Look!
There she comes!
[guard 4]
Hey, don't move!
[exhales]
[dramatic music playing]
[Jolyne] Huh?
I could have sworn there were
two guards there a second ago.
Who cares?
Doesn't matter right now.
What is this place?
Seriously,
how did I even get here?
Why are they all after me?
[suspenseful music playing]
[grunts]
[guns cock]
Where is she?
I know I saw her head that way.
Find her!
Go, move your ass!
There's no way
she just disappeared.
She's got to be hiding
somewhere close by.
[guard 2] Maybe she ran
towards the stairwell.
[guard 3] Not a chance!
She would have had to
pass right by us.
We'd have seen her.
[Jolyne] The stairwell?
"Go see Emporio..."
Okay, it's coming back to me.
Those are the stairs
that lead to Emporio's room.
[grunts]
[swooshing]
[soft piano music playing]
[Emporio groans]
What was I doing just now?
Oh, yeah! I spilled the water
and it went everywhere.
There's something
I need to tell Jolyne.
I have to get to her
before it's too late!
[Emporio] But I have to write
somewhere else,
before I forget it all again.
I need to make sure
she sees the mug shot.
Or else, I won't be able
to tell her. Tell her that...
[Mew Mew] Jolyne Cujoh.
Since you can only retain
up to three memories at a time,
even if there are four guards
chasing after you,
you'll only be able
to remember three of them.
Of course, your eyes will be
able to see all of them,
totaling more than four,
but your brain will outright
reject them as a memory.
Go see Emporio.
I made you guide me here.
Interesting!
Who'd have thought
I'd find the secret room.
[gasps]
[screams]
[groans]
[yells]
[grunts]
Emporio!
[breathes softly]
[small gasp]
[inhales]
Jolyne!
-When did you get here?
-I just showed up.
Oh, look at your hand.
Poor you!
What happened?
This looks awful.
[Jolyne] Wait!
Is this because
you can only remember
three things, too?
My arms have the exact
same writing on them.
Ever since being in solitary.
Oh, yeah!
I remember now.
I wanted to talk to you,
Jolyne.
There's something really
important I need to tell you.
Are you listening to me?
Uh, what?
Sorry, what was I doing?
[sighs]
Hey, wait!
When did you get here, Jolyne?
And why?
Very funny!
Seriously, why am I here?
[both] Why? Why? Why? Why?
[Jolyne]
Oh, that's right.
I came to see you
and it's urgent.
But I have no idea why.
I just knew that if I didn't
come, I'd be up shit's creek.
[Emporio] "Print it out."
Yes, I've got to print it out.
And fast, or else
I'm gonna forget it forever.
That's the only way
I can save it.
[Jolyne]
Print what out, Emporio?
What do you mean
when you say "print it out"?
Huh? How do I, um...
What was...
Oh, what was it again?
Uh, let's see.
[Jolyne grunts]
Name: Mew Mew.
Rank: Chief Guard.
[Mew Mew] Oh, I get it.
So, last time we met,
that little rat
was there with you, too.
He saw my face and my Stand,
and he heard my name.
That Emporio was inside
the wall in the solitary cell.
Usually, I'd leave him alone.
My Jailhouse Lock's duty is to
spot who the Stand Users are,
track them down and make sure
they're locked up.
But if there's any evidence
of me out there,
-that's another story.
-[gasps]
So, stand out,
you jail-breaker!
[Mew Mew] Her Stand,
Stone Ocean, is too strong,
so these bullets
will be useless against her.
But I know
you won't remember this.
That if I had shot
four bullets at you,
you would have no clue
where the last bullet went.
You'd piss your pants
not knowing
whether it hit you
or missed you.
You wouldn't even
be able to see or smell
one wisp of smoke
from the gun powder.
[groans]
J-Jolyne...
What?
[grunts]
I don't know why there's a room
nor why there's a kid here.
The whole thing sure
smells suspicious as fuck.
Although Pale Snake mentioned
somebody in here,
is in cahoots with Jolyne,
scheming and coordinating
elaborate escape plans,
with walkie-talkies
-and other technology.
-[Jolyne] Emporio! Wake up!
[Mew Mew] He must have been
talking about you.
And now, all the data
he collected is gone.
What a waste of time!
You rotten bitch!
I'm gonna make you pay!
[scoffs]
Such passion!
Too bad!
After these next three things,
even those fervent emotions
will be
as lost as your chance
of freedom.
That's the beauty
of what Jailhouse Lock does.
Eat shit, Jolyne Cujoh!
This is the end!
[gun fires constantly]
[Mew Mew]
Out of this hail of bullets,
you're only gonna be
aware of three.
The rest will pierce your body
like knives into butter.
Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
[Mew Mew gasps]
You can try to fuck with
my head all you want,
but the reflection won't lie.
No matter how many shots
you fire at once,
I'm gonna see every single one
of them in the blood.
And I'm sure you haven't
forgotten anything, have you?
-[gasps]
-Ora!
[exhales]
[Mew Mew] It's too late. I've
already destroyed the computer.
My only choice is to bail out.
[pants]
What's the difference?
Jolyne's gonna forget me
in about two seconds, anyway.
I'll be forgotten forever,
not even a memory.
Emporio, try to hang on
a little longer.
I'm going after that bitch.
I-I don't think you should,
Jolyne. We both know...
you're gonna forget again
the minute you leave this room.
You're even gonna forget
that you have to defeat her.
So, please...
Emporio, look! I understand
you wanting to be careful.
I like that about you.
How else were you gonna survive
this shit back at prison,
you needed to be that way.
Huh.
But still,
eventually,
it's going to get to the point
where you have to make a move,
even if it's risky.
So, you've got to understand
for me, that time is now!
[yells]
Is this Jolyne's thread?
Ora!
[Mew Mew grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Emporio groans]
I'm hurt!
How'd this happen to me?
[gasps]
But still, eventually,
it's going to get to the point
where you have to make a move,
even if it's risky.
I still don't know what it is.
But I know I'm supposed to do
something really important.
Something like...
[Emporio] That's right,
I have to print it out.
That's what I need
to tell Jolyne.
So, I'll print it out and...
But what was it again?
What was the thing
I'm supposed to print?
[Emporio] I don't even have
a printer in my room,
so how can I...
[soft gasp]
Ora!
Agh!
It's so strong!
[screams]
[Jolyne] Yep, she's the enemy.
She's not gonna get away
from me this time.
[swooshing]
[screams]
Come back! I need you!
I'm at the stairs at D10.
[groans]
[chokes]
[guard 1] I see them!
They're right over there!
[guard 2] Chief Mew Mew
is being attacked!
[guard 3] The gate!
Open it! Hurry up!
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
Wait! Where am I?
What happened?
What am I doing here?
-[siren wailing]
-[gasps]
[guard 2]
Move it!
[guard 3]
Grab her before she escapes!
They're chasing someone.
It's me!
[grunts]
That's right!
I called the three guards back.
Now, any and all memories
you had of me are lost forever,
just like your freedom.
Oops!
[grunts, yells]
[coughs]
[groans]
Get up and run a bit, honey.
That'll give them
more of a reason
to put a bullet in your head.
[Mew Mew] All right,
those big strong arms,
I nearly forgot they can
deflect any shots at you.
[screams in pain]
[Jolyne groans]
[Mew Mew]
My official, sworn duty
is really only to make sure
Stand Users get put away.
But I'm rather excited
you're getting more than that.
Knowing you're about to die
makes me giddy.
If anyone deserves it,
it's you.
This is all because
you refused to behave
and be a good little doggy.
-[footsteps]
-[guard 3] I got her!
[Mew Mew] Oh, also,
the fact that you can only see
three guards in front of you.
It's driving me wild with joy.
[all yell] She's at
the bottom of the stairs.
Get her!
'Okay, come on!
You're never getting past
my Jailhouse Lock,
so you might as well
stop fighting it.
[soft grunt]
[Emporio gasps]
Hey, Jolyne!
When did you get here?
I know you! You're Emporio!
Wait, Jolyne,
you gotta know,
this needs to be printed out,
or else I was gonna forget it
in no time.
[Jolyne] Print what out?
[Emporio] It's in binary code.
The language only uses
ones and zeros.
I think I calculated it right.
You'd be able to print it out
how you'd be able
to understand it.
What I'm saying is
you're the printer
who can memorize it.
[gasps]
Stone Ocean!
[uplifting music playing]
[Emporio] Binary is universal.
All things can be represented
with numeric sequencing.
If your thread can draw the
ones and zeros exactly right,
then Stone Ocean
will become the printer
that will express it digitally.
Should I consider you
to be the enemy?
Well, are you... my enemy?
Huh?
[chuckles]
You've lost your mind!
There's no way you can see me.
Now, say your last goodbye.
Thanks for that!
You just confirmed it for me,
because you are.
[Mew Mew gasps]
-Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
-[Mew Mew screams]
[yells]
Ora!
[Mew Mew screams]
Holy shit!
What the hell am I seeing?
[groans] [g
uard 5] That psycho took
Chief Mew Mew hostage!
-[whimpers]
-[Jolyne] Hey, Emporio.
I disabled Jailhouse Lock's
hold on you and me.
Are you okay?
Uh, yeah. Yeah,
I think I'm okay now.
Good! Then, I'm out.
Like I said before,
I'm breaking out of here.
[Jolyne]
What are you gonna do?
If you insist on staying
in this hole,
you'd better get back
to your room.
[exhales slightly]
Hey, Jolyne,
I just realized now is my time.
I want...
to see the outside world.
Hmm.
[footsteps]
[guard 3] Look!
There's a kid with her now.
[guard 4] Why is there
a kid in this prison?
[guard 1] Focus, men!
Don't let your guard down!
[all gasp softly]
[soft music playing]
All right, Emporio,
you're ready? Let's go.
Excuse me, you're in my way.
I'm coming through.
-Sorry! Thanks!
-[groans]
[breathes nervously]
[Jolyne] Please,
step aside, gentlemen!
Huh? Who am I aiming at, then?
[guard 2] Hey,
why am I in the hallway?
[guard 3]
How did we all get here?
[Jolyne]
Thanks, Mew Mew! Nice job!
You catch on quick!
I almost like you.
First, we're gonna head
straight to the medical wing
to treat the injuries
you caused to Emporio.
But I'm still counting
on your magic, Jailhouse Lock.
I'm counting on that invincible
power, the power of three.
[groans weakly]
-[siren wailing]
-[door opens]
Where the hell am I?
[groans weakly]
[Jolyne]
You have dad's disc, right?
[Emporio] Yeah!
I've had it the whole time.
-[Ermes] Jolyne! That you?
-[both gasp]
Holy shit! It is you!
And Emporio, too!
Hey, Ermes.
[groans weakly]
[Ermes] I recognized
the sound of that chaos.
I knew it had to be you guys.
Who's the carcass?
[Jolyne] Actually, she's
the Chief Guard of this prison.
Huh?
Are you guys saying
you're about to...
Yes, it's a prison break,
and we're about to leave
any minute.
Hmm.
You're going after
the priest, right?
You got it, Ermes.
Whatever that thing was
he got his hands on,
I'm gonna go seal it.
I'm seeing this thing through.
I've never been
more resolved than this.
[epic music playing]
[Ermes grunts]
Then I think you gotta
take me with you.
[grunts]
[music continues]
[breathes heavily]
[woman gasps]
Urgh, uh, thank you, Father!
How fortunate you were here.
I'm sorry to ask,
but are you unwell?
[Father Pucchi] No, dear!
I'm just a bit fatigued.
That's all.
[hissing]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Goodness!
Are you sure you're okay?
[gasps]
[Father Pucchi] Excuse me.
[woman screams]
Oh, my god!
What is happening here?
[woman] What the hell is wrong
with these eggs?
[Father Pucchi] My Stand...
I haven't the vaguest idea
what it is,
but it's painfully clear
that it's no longer Pale Snake.
What is it? What could it be?
I feel terrible.
Something is quickly raging
out of control inside of me.
There's some kind of
independent power
that's ignoring my will.
But oddly,
I feel hope in this power.
Hope, in fact, is the one
and only thing I feel from it.
Dio's note recorded
in Jotaro's memories.
Perhaps that is what I need
to control this power, then.
The time and place.
North latitude,
28 degrees, 24 minutes.
West longitude,
80 degrees, 36 minutes.
Delightful, heaven appears
to be there after all.
And that place
is at Cape Canaveral.
Kennedy Space Center
to be precise.
[epic music playing]
The time is the new moon.
Six days from now.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]